chore: add instructions for windows and fix failing unit tests (#632)
open-feature/flagd: README.md

    ```

    Or use docker:

>    (for Windows use WSL both for the file path and the docker commands. This flagd on docker command WILL NOT WORK on Windows due to the mixed filesystems [#8479](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/8479)!! See also [this medium article](https://levelup.gitconnected.com/docker-desktop-on-wsl2-the-problem-with-mixing-file-systems-a8b5dcd79b22) )

Reviewer: I would reword this section to something like the below (italic text & in a new line), 

```
    _Note - In Windows, use WSL system for both the file location and Docker runtime. Mixed file systems does not 
   work and this is a limitation of Docker (https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/8479)_
```

I have mixed feelings on linking to the medium article as this is a premium access only. Plus, rewording to highlight this comes from Docker rather than flagd :)

Reviewer 2: agreed.

    Or use docker:
    _Note - In Windows, use WSL system for both the file location and Docker runtime. Mixed file systems does not

>     work and this is a [limitation of Docker] (https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/8479)_

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    work and this is a [limitation of Docker](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/8479)_
```

      --uri file:./example_flags.flagd.json
    ```

>     Or use docker (!! this does not work on Windows without using WSL !!):

Reviewer: Moving this to italic text & in a new line with a `Note`

And rather than saying `does not work`, reword to say something like "In Windows, this requires WSL"

      -d '{"flagKey":"myStringFlag","context":{}}' -H "Content-Type: application/json"
    ```

>     For Windows use bash or use the following:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    For Windows we recommend using a [WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install) terminal. 
    Otherwise, use the following with `cmd` or `powershell` 
```

Author: powershell wont work with this curl, but I will commit the other suggestions 👍
